All the files in this directory and its sub-directories are
distributed under the terms of the
GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE v3.0 (included below), except the
files in the src/ocaml-src/ sub-directory, that are distributed under
the terms of the Q Public License version 1.0 with a change to choice
of law (included below).

As a special exception, for their major contribution to this project,
the INRIA Gallium team and the OCamlPro company are granted the right
to distribute these files under the terms of their choice.


----------------------------------------------------------------------

        THE GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE version 3.0

                       Copyright (C) 2013
               Pierrick COUDERC and David MAISON


This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>



----------------------------------------------------------------------

                   THE Q PUBLIC LICENSE version 1.0

              Copyright (C) 1999 Troll Tech AS, Norway.
                  Everyone is permitted to copy and
                  distribute this license document.

The intent of this license is to establish freedom to share and change
the software regulated by this license under the open source model.

This license applies to any software containing a notice placed by the
copyright holder saying that it may be distributed under the terms of
the Q Public License version 1.0. Such software is herein referred to
as the Software. This license covers modification and distribution of
the Software, use of third-party application programs based on the
Software, and development of free software which uses the Software.

                            Granted Rights

1. You are granted the non-exclusive rights set forth in this license
provided you agree to and comply with any and all conditions in this
license. Whole or partial distribution of the Software, or software
items that link with the Software, in any form signifies acceptance of
this license.

2. You may copy and distribute the Software in unmodified form
provided that the entire package, including - but not restricted to -
copyright, trademark notices and disclaimers, as released by the
initial developer of the Software, is distributed.

3. You may make modifications to the Software and distribute your
modifications, in a form that is separate from the Software, such as
patches. The following restrictions apply to modifications:

      a. Modifications must not alter or remove any copyright notices
      in the Software.

      b. When modifications to the Software are released under this
      license, a non-exclusive royalty-free right is granted to the
      initial developer of the Software to distribute your
      modification in future versions of the Software provided such
      versions remain available under these terms in addition to any
      other license(s) of the initial developer.

4. You may distribute machine-executable forms of the Software or
machine-executable forms of modified versions of the Software,
provided that you meet these restrictions:

      a. You must include this license document in the distribution.

      b. You must ensure that all recipients of the machine-executable
      forms are also able to receive the complete machine-readable
      source code to the distributed Software, including all
      modifications, without any charge beyond the costs of data
      transfer, and place prominent notices in the distribution
      explaining this.

      c. You must ensure that all modifications included in the
      machine-executable forms are available under the terms of this
      license.

5. You may use the original or modified versions of the Software to
compile, link and run application programs legally developed by you or
by others.

6. You may develop application programs, reusable components and other
software items that link with the original or modified versions of the
Software. These items, when distributed, are subject to the following
requirements:

      a. You must ensure that all recipients of machine-executable
      forms of these items are also able to receive and use the
      complete machine-readable source code to the items without any
      charge beyond the costs of data transfer.

      b. You must explicitly license all recipients of your items to
      use and re-distribute original and modified versions of the
      items in both machine-executable and source code forms. The
      recipients must be able to do so without any charges whatsoever,
      and they must be able to re-distribute to anyone they choose.

      c. If the items are not available to the general public, and the
      initial developer of the Software requests a copy of the items,
      then you must supply one.

                       Limitations of Liability

In no event shall the initial developers or copyright holders be
liable for any damages whatsoever, including - but not restricted to -
lost revenue or profits or other direct, indirect, special, incidental
or consequential damages, even if they have been advised of the
possibility of such damages, except to the extent invariable law, if
any, provides otherwise.

                             No Warranty

The Software and this license document are provided AS IS with NO
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF DESIGN,
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

                            Choice of Law

This license is governed by the Laws of France.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
